README.md, before:

# Video Calling With AR Filters

## Requirements
- node v18.7.0
- npm 8.18.0
- Webcam for video functionality
- Microphone
- Dyte developer Account for API Key and Organisation ID


## Running the Sample
1. clone this repository
2. After cloning, we should install all the dependencies using npm by running
```
npm i
```
3. Copy `.env.example` to `.env`
4. Generate an `authToken` using the [create-participant](https://docs.dyte.io/api#/operations/add_participant) API.
5. Create a [Deep AR](https://developer.deepar.ai/) account and obtain license key.
6. Populate `.env` file with the tokens.
7. Once all of the above are done, you can run the project by executing:
```
npm run dev
```

## Useful Terminology and Links
> Note: These terms have been referred to in the following content

- [Dyte Documentation](https://docs.dyte.io): This refers to the Dyte Documentaion for the [web-core](https://docs.dyte.io/web-core) (relating to the core functionality of the sdk) and [react-ui-kit](https://docs.dyte.io/react-ui-kit) (relating to the frontend components and flows of the application).
- [API Reference](https://docs.dyte.io/api#/): This refers to Dyte's API reference where all routes that are available to the user are listed and explained. Dyte's API has to versions of APIs, [v1](https://docs.dyte.io/api/?v=v1) and [v2](https://docs.dyte.io/api/?v=v2) respectively. In this project we have used the v1 API.

## Contributing
We welcome contributions. Feel free to file issues & pull requests on the repo and we'll address them as we can.
For any questions, feedback or suggestions about Dyte, reach out to us directly on our [Discord Community Server](https://community.dyte.io/).

## License
All of Dyte's Sample Apps are Licensed with the MIT License. For more details, view the [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

added contents section to README.md

README.md, after:

# Video Calling With AR Filters

## Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [About This Repository](#about-this-repository)
3. [Setting Up the Project](#setting-up-the-project)
   - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
   - [Installation Steps](#installation-steps)
4. [Usage](#usage)
5. [Contributing](#contributing)
6. [License](#license)

## Introduction
Dyte is a technology company specializing in real-time communication solutions. Our products are designed to enable seamless and efficient video interactions in various applications, ranging from virtual meetings to interactive live streaming. The offerings are known for their robust performance, scalability, and ease of integration.

## About This Repository

## Requirements
- node v18.7.0
- npm 8.18.0
- Webcam for video functionality
- Microphone
- Dyte developer Account for API Key and Organisation ID


## Running the Sample
1. clone this repository
2. After cloning, we should install all the dependencies using npm by running
```
npm i
```
3. Copy `.env.example` to `.env`
4. Generate an `authToken` using the [create-participant](https://docs.dyte.io/api#/operations/add_participant) API.
5. Create a [Deep AR](https://developer.deepar.ai/) account and obtain license key.
6. Populate `.env` file with the tokens.
7. Once all of the above are done, you can run the project by executing:
```
npm run dev
```

## Useful Terminology and Links
> Note: These terms have been referred to in the following content

- [Dyte Documentation](https://docs.dyte.io): This refers to the Dyte Documentaion for the [web-core](https://docs.dyte.io/web-core) (relating to the core functionality of the sdk) and [react-ui-kit](https://docs.dyte.io/react-ui-kit) (relating to the frontend components and flows of the application).
- [API Reference](https://docs.dyte.io/api#/): This refers to Dyte's API reference where all routes that are available to the user are listed and explained. Dyte's API has to versions of APIs, [v1](https://docs.dyte.io/api/?v=v1) and [v2](https://docs.dyte.io/api/?v=v2) respectively. In this project we have used the v1 API.

## Contributing
We welcome contributions. Feel free to file issues & pull requests on the repo and we'll address them as we can.
For any questions, feedback or suggestions about Dyte, reach out to us directly on our [Discord Community Server](https://community.dyte.io/).

## License
All of Dyte's Sample Apps are Licensed with the MIT License. For more details, view the [LICENSE](./LICENSE).
